correcting misinformation (#1052)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/setting-up/server/easy-install.md

This script:

- Installs Docker if it is not already installed on your system.

> - Stops and renames any PMM Server Docker container found to be running (not a recoverable backup being taken)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stops and renames any PMM Server Docker container currently running from `pmm-server` to `pmm-server-backup-{timestamp}`. This new pmm-server container based on the latest version is not a recoverable backup.
```

Reviewer 2: instead of 

"This new pmm-server container based on the latest version is not a recoverable backup.",

Can it be "This old pmm-server container is not a recoverable backup."?
